Ye Wuji is dead today
Flying takes time is a mysterious technique
Wuji only mastered the Huangji technique
If you can be Zhao Lingfeng's opponent
This is dangerous
Ye Wuji
What if you break through 4 bottles of shit luck?
Mud legs like you
Never understand
How big is the gap between us?
I have mastered the strongest secretary of Haorizong
Feitian Haori Sword
Once cast
Lian Xuan level like you
Mud legs that I have never seen before
Immediately vanished
Then I, a mud leg, need to see and see
A son like you who can only call his mother
How good are you?
Ye Wujing, you are courting death
See you tomorrow the day after tomorrow.
How is that possible?
It blocked
What!